
User stories:
A user story is an informal, general explanation of a software feature written from the perspective of the end user. 
Its purpose is to articulate how a software feature will provide value to the customer.


What Is a Good User Story?
 --three aspects that Ron Jeffries named in 2001 
with the wonderful alliteration of card, conversation, and confirmation:

3C's:
Card: Written description of the story, used for planning and as a reminder
Conversation: Conversations about the story that serve to flesh out the details of the story
Confirmation: Tests that convey and document details that can be used to determine when a story is complete.

Template:
As a < type of user >, I want < some goal > so that < some reason >

Acceptance Criteria:
The acceptance criteria is a set of accepted conditions or business rules for which the functionality or feature should satisfy and meet

When to write Acceptance Criteria?
Acceptance criteria (AC) should be written anytime before the user story is ready to enter the Sprint Planning.


Why acceptance criteria important ?
Provide clear guidelines — 
Acceptance criteria outline what is expected from a product or feature. 
This clarity helps to align all stakeholders, including developers, testers, and the business team, on what needs to be achieved

Facilitate and understanding across teams — 
By clearly defining the expected outcome of a feature or product, everyone knows what to aim for and what will be considered a success, 
in turn minimizing the potential for misunderstandings

Form a basis for testing — 
Testers can use acceptance criteria to determine whether a product or feature works as intended. 
If the developed feature meets all the outlined conditions, it can be marked as complete

Help manage customer expectations and enhance satisfaction — 
When customers are involved in defining acceptance criteria, they have a better understanding of what to expect from the final product, 
leading to increased satisfaction when those expectations are met

Example-1:

As a <student>, I want <to be able to enroll in courses online> so that <for knowledge>.
Acceptance Criteria:
1.Available courses with descriptions and enrollment buttons.
2.After enrolling a course it should add to list of enrolled courses.
3.An email notification about registered course and course hours.
4.After completing course, print certificate.

Product Backlog:
It is the master list of all work necessary to improve the product. It is the single source of work for the scrum team.
 
A product backlog is an ordered list; items should be ordered according to priority, with the items at the top having the highest priority and the items at the bottom representing the lowest.

Features of Scrum are:
•	Scrum is light-weighted framework.
•	Scrum emphasizes self-organization.
•	Scrum is simple to understand.
•	Scrum frameworks help the team to work together.
Product Owner: The product owner, on the other hand, is assigned to a team (or multiple teams) and operates at a tactical level. The PO aims to maximize value through creating and managing the product backlog and acting as the voice of the customer.






